


![WhatsApp Image 2025-02-28 at 16 13 42_287ebaff](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/944b3889-b3d2-4788-9ca8-ce66b42c2ac9)
![WhatsApp Image 2025-02-28 at 16 13 27_30530314](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/33c9fa46-6aa5-4c97-9d96-2d3327651e25)

1. TITLE OF THE INVENTION 
GrubOut	Platform	with	Integrated	3D	Projection	Hardware	for	Enhanced	Restaurant	
Experiences		
2. FIELD OF THE INVENTION 
The	present	invention	relates	to	the	integration	of	advanced	3D	projection	hardware	with	
a	food-centric	social	media	and	restaurant	management	platform,	specifically	tailored	
for	use	in	the	restaurant	and	hospitality	industry.	This	system	is	designed	to	transform	the	
way	customers	interact	with	menu	items	by	utilizing	voice	assistance	and	augmented	
reality	(AR)	to	create	a	more	immersive,	interactive,	and	engaging	dining	experience.	
At	its	core,	this	invention	applies	3D	holographic	projection	technology	to	provide	
customers	with	life-like	visual	representations	of	food	items,	allowing	them	to	view	dishes	
in	three	dimensions	before	making	an	order.	The	projection	is	seamlessly	controlled	
through	voice	commands,	offering	a	hands-free,	touchless	solution	that	is	both	hygienic	
and	convenient.	As	such,	this	system	directly	addresses	the	growing	demand	for	touchless	
interactions	in	public	spaces,	especially	within	the	context	of	post-pandemic	dining	
protocols.	
This	invention	finds	its	primary	application	in:	
• Restaurants	and	hospitality	environments,	where	creating	a	more	dynamic	and	
interactive	dining	experience	can	lead	to	higher	customer	satisfaction,	increased	
engagement,	and	improved	decision-making	processes.	
• Augmented	reality-driven	marketing	solutions	for	food	service	providers,	
allowing	restaurants	to	present	their	menu	items	in	a	visually	compelling	manner	that	
traditional	menus	cannot	achieve.	
Additionally,	the	invention	uses	real-time	data	integration	with	the	GrubOut	platform,	
ensuring	that	customers	have	access	to	the	most	up-to-date	menus,	specials,	and	
promotions	directly	from	the	restaurant.	The	combination	of	AR	technology,	voice
assisted	interaction,	and	real-time	data	synchronization	represents	a	significant	
advancement	in	the	way	restaurants	communicate	their	offerings	and	engage	with	
customers.	
In	summary,	the	invention	introduces	a	highly	versatile	system	that	can	be	applied	across	
various	areas	within	the	restaurant	and	hospitality	industries,	offering	a	powerful	solution	to	
enhance	customer	engagement,	streamline	ordering	processes,	and	improve	overall	dining	
experiences	through	AR	and	voice-controlled	technologies.	
3. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 
In	today’s	restaurant	industry,	while	digital	menus	and	online	ordering	systems	have	become	
more	commonplace,	the	interaction	between	customers	and	food	items	remains	static	and	
limited.	Current	restaurant	systems	primarily	rely	on	traditional	menus—either	physical	
or	digital—where	customers	select	food	items	based	on	text	descriptions	or	static	images.	
These	solutions	fail	to	offer	a	dynamic	or	immersive	experience,	leaving	customers	with	
limited	information	and	often	leading	to	dissatisfaction	with	their	food	choices	due	to	a	lack	
of	visual	engagement.	
The	GrubOut	platform,	originally	designed	as	a	food-centric	social	media	and	restaurant	
management	system,	allows	users	to	digitally	explore	restaurants,	interact	with	food	critics,	
and	discover	new	dining	experiences.	However,	despite	its	focus	on	digital	engagement,	it	
lacks	the	ability	to	physically	interact	with	food	items.	Customers	remain	constrained	by	
static	2D	images,	which	do	not	convey	the	nuances	of	the	food	items,	such	as	portion	sizes,	
plating	styles,	or	ingredients	in	detail.	The	absence	of	a	tactile,	immersive	dining	experience	
has	become	a	noticeable	shortcoming	in	a	world	that	is	embracing	augmented	reality	(AR)	
technologies.	
Furthermore,	in	the	restaurant	environment,	there	is	an	increasing	demand	for	touchless	
solutions,	especially	in	light	of	recent	health	and	safety	concerns.	Traditional	systems	often	
require	physical	interaction	with	menus	or	devices,	which	introduces	hygiene	risks	and	
diminishes	the	overall	customer	experience.	Additionally,	existing	AR	applications	in	the	food	
service	industry	are	limited	in	scope,	offering	little	to	no	interactivity,	and	failing	to	provide	
real-time	menu	updates	or	the	ability	for	customers	to	make	informed	food	decisions	with	
confidence.	
Voice-based	technology,	although	widely	used	in	other	industries,	has	not	yet	been	fully	
leveraged	to	enhance	the	restaurant	dining	experience.	Existing	systems	are	often	
cumbersome,	requiring	physical	inputs	or	hand	gestures,	which	may	not	be	suitable	in	a	
restaurant	setting	where	customers	prefer	convenience	and	minimal	contact	with	surfaces.	
The	present	invention	addresses	these	challenges	by	introducing	a	detachable	3D	
projection	device	that	seamlessly	integrates	with	the	GrubOut	platform.	This	innovative	
hardware	combines	the	latest	in	augmented	reality	and	voice-assisted	technology	to	
deliver	a	completely	immersive	and	hands-free	dining	experience.	The	device	projects	3D	
holographic	models	of	menu	items	directly	at	the	restaurant	table,	enabling	customers	to	
view	life-sized,	interactive	representations	of	food	items	before	placing	their	order.	The	use	
of	voice	assistance	enhances	this	experience	by	allowing	customers	to	navigate	the	menu,	
request	information	about	ingredients,	or	place	orders	without	any	physical	interaction.	
This	system	solves	several	problems	inherent	in	existing	restaurant	solutions:	
1. Lack	of	Immersive	Engagement:	The	3D	holographic	projections	offer	a	level	of	
engagement	previously	unavailable	in	dining	environments,	bridging	the	gap	
between	physical	and	digital	food	interactions.	
2. Touchless	Interaction:	By	integrating	voice-based	commands,	customers	can	now	
interact	with	the	menu	in	a	completely	hands-free	manner,	enhancing	both	safety	
and	convenience.	
3. Real-Time	Menu	Updates:	The	system	pulls	data	directly	from	the	GrubOut	
platform,	ensuring	that	customers	always	have	access	to	the	most	up-to-date	menu	
options,	promotions,	and	specials.	
4. Improved	Decision-Making:	Customers	can	explore	detailed	holographic	models,	
helping	them	make	more	informed	choices	about	portion	sizes,	ingredients,	and	dish	
presentations,	reducing	the	likelihood	of	ordering	mistakes	and	dissatisfaction.	
In	summary,	this	invention	offers	a	unique	solution	to	the	limitations	of	current	restaurant	
technologies	by	combining	immersive	augmented	reality,	real-time	data	integration,	and	
voice	command	interactivity	to	enhance	the	overall	dining	experience.	
4. OBJECTS OF THE INVENTION 
The	primary	objective	of	this	invention	is	to	revolutionize	customer	engagement	in	
restaurants	by	integrating	augmented	reality	(AR)	technology	and	voice-assisted	
interaction	into	the	dining	experience.	As	the	restaurant	industry	seeks	innovative	ways	to	
elevate	customer	satisfaction	and	improve	service	efficiency,	this	invention	aims	to	bridge	
the	gap	between	physical	and	digital	interactions	with	food.	
Necessity	of	the	Invention:	Restaurants,	especially	in	high-end	or	experiential	dining	
settings,	have	long	relied	on	static	menus—either	paper-based	or	digital	screens—to	
communicate	dish	options	to	customers.	While	effective	to	a	degree,	these	traditional	
methods	offer	limited	engagement	and	minimal	immersion,	leaving	customers	to	make	
decisions	based	on	text	descriptions	and	static	images	alone.	As	a	result,	customer	
dissatisfaction	may	occur	due	to	incorrect	portion	expectations,	poor	visual	appeal	of	the	
final	dish,	or	a	lack	of	detailed	information	about	ingredients	and	preparation	methods.	
The	necessity	of	this	invention	arises	from	the	need	to	transform	static	menu	interactions	
into	a	dynamic,	immersive	experience	where	customers	can	make	informed	decisions	by	
viewing	life-like	3D	projections	of	food	items.	By	integrating	this	cutting-edge	AR	
technology	with	voice	control,	the	invention	not	only	modernizes	the	ordering	process	but	
also	addresses	the	growing	demand	for	touchless,	hygienic	interaction,	particularly	in	a	
post-pandemic	world.	
Addressing	Technical	Problems	with	Existing	Solutions:	
Existing	solutions	fall	short	in	providing	real-time	customer-to-menu	engagement.	
Traditional	digital	menus	are	limited	to	2D	representations	of	dishes,	leaving	customers	to	
rely	on	text-heavy	descriptions.	In	contrast,	this	invention	leverages	AR	to	project	
interactive,	full-scale	3D	models	of	food	items	at	the	customer’s	table.	These	projections	
provide	an	exact	visual	representation	of	portion	sizes,	plating	aesthetics,	and	even	textures,	
improving	customer	confidence	in	their	selections.	
Moreover,	existing	AR	technologies	in	restaurant	environments	either	lack	full	
integration	with	restaurant	databases	or	require	physical	interaction,	such	as	hand	gestures	
or	touchscreen	inputs,	to	navigate	the	system.	This	present	invention	eliminates	the	need	
for	such	physical	interactions,	replacing	them	with	voice-assisted	commands.	Customers	
can	effortlessly	navigate	the	menu,	ask	for	details	about	dishes,	and	place	orders	using	only	
their	voice,	making	the	system	not	only	more	intuitive	but	also	more	hygienic	and	
convenient.	
Difference	from	Prior	Inventions:	
Unlike	prior	inventions	that	focus	solely	on	static	menu	interfaces	or	require	physical	
interaction,	the	present	invention	introduces	a	seamless	integration	of	AR	technology	with	
voice-assisted	interaction	to	provide	a	hands-free	and	immersive	dining	experience.	This	
innovation	enables	customers	to	engage	with	the	GrubOut	platform	and	experience	3D	food	
projections	in	real	time,	while	also	offering	restaurants	a	dynamic	marketing	tool	to	
showcase	their	dishes	in	a	visually	compelling	manner.	
In	summary,	the	object	of	this	invention	is	to:	
• Enhance	customer	engagement	by	allowing	diners	to	view	high-fidelity,	real-time	
3D	projections	of	menu	items.	
• Enable	hands-free	interaction	through	voice	commands,	ensuring	a	more	hygienic	
and	convenient	ordering	process.	
• Differentiate	from	prior	technologies	by	fully	integrating	AR-based	food	
visualizations	with	the	restaurant’s	backend	for	real-time	updates	and	interaction,	
significantly	improving	the	decision-making	process	for	customers.	
5. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION 
The	present	invention	introduces	an	innovative	and	detachable	portable	device	that	
integrates	seamlessly	with	the	GrubOut	platform	to	provide	a	transformative	dining	
experience	through	the	use	of	3D	holographic	projections.	This	advanced	hardware	
system	projects	life-like	3D	models	of	food	items	directly	onto	the	dining	table,	allowing	
customers	to	view	and	interact	with	their	menu	choices	in	real-time	before	placing	an	order.	
The	device	is	equipped	with	voice	recognition	technology,	enabling	completely	hands-free	
interaction.	Customers	can	use	simple	voice	commands	to	explore	food	options,	request	
detailed	information	about	dishes,	and	even	place	orders	without	physically	touching	a	
menu	or	screen.	This	feature	significantly	enhances	convenience	and	hygiene,	offering	a	
solution	well-suited	for	today’s	touchless	interactions	in	restaurants.	
The	core	hardware	components	of	the	invention	include:	
• A	holographic	projector	capable	of	rendering	high-resolution	3D	models	of	food,	
providing	an	immersive	and	engaging	dining	experience.	
• A	microphone	array	that	powers	the	voice	recognition	system,	ensuring	that	
customer	commands	are	accurately	processed	in	potentially	noisy	restaurant	
environments.	
• A	battery	module	with	an	ample	power	supply	(6,000-8,000	mAh)	to	ensure	long
lasting	operation,	coupled	with	wireless	charging	capabilities	for	easy	recharging	
during	non-operational	hours.	
The	device	connects	to	the	GrubOut	platform	via	Wi-Fi	or	Bluetooth,	ensuring	real-time	
synchronization	between	the	restaurant’s	menu	database	and	the	customer’s	projection	
system.	This	integration	ensures	that	any	changes	to	the	menu,	special	offers,	or	promotions	
are	instantly	reflected	on	the	customer’s	holographic	display,	allowing	for	a	fully	dynamic	
and	interactive	dining	experience.	
In	summary,	the	invention	leverages	the	latest	advancements	in	augmented	reality	and	
voice-assisted	technology	to	revolutionize	how	customers	interact	with	food	menus.	It	
offers:	
• Immersive	3D	visualizations	of	menu	items,	allowing	customers	to	make	more	
informed	choices.	
• Hands-free	voice	interaction,	eliminating	the	need	for	physical	contact	with	menus	
or	devices.	
• Real-time	updates	from	the	GrubOut	platform,	ensuring	that	the	system	always	
reflects	the	latest	menu	changes	and	promotions.	
This	invention	provides	a	powerful	tool	for	restaurants	to	enhance	customer	engagement,	
improve	the	decision-making	process,	and	streamline	the	overall	dining	experience	in	a	way	
that	traditional	menus	cannot.	
6. BREIF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWING 
The	drawing	includes	the	following:	
1.	External	view	of	the	detachable	device,	showing	the	projector	lens,	microphone	array,	and	
wireless	charging	port.	
2.	Internal	view	of	the	hardware	components	such	as	the	chipset,	battery	module,	and	Wi
Fi/Bluetooth	connectivity.	
7. DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION 
The	present	invention	is	an	enhancement	of	the	GrubOut	platform	through	the	integration	of	
an	advanced	hardware	device	for	3D	food	visualizations	and	voice-based	interactions.	
This	hardware	is	designed	to	elevate	the	restaurant	dining	experience,	providing	an	
immersive	and	hands-free	environment	for	customers	to	engage	with	food	menus.	
Key	Components	of	the	Hardware:	
1. Chipset:	Qualcomm	Snapdragon	8	Series	Processor	
o The	hardware	device	is	powered	by	a	Qualcomm	Snapdragon	8	Series	
processor,	which	includes	an	Adreno	GPU.	This	high-performance	chipset	
ensures	seamless	augmented	reality	(AR)	rendering	of	3D	models	in	real	
time.	
o The	processor	handles	complex	computations	needed	to	visualize	detailed	3D	
food	models,	while	the	GPU	supports	rendering	high-quality,	photorealistic	
projections.	This	chipset	also	optimizes	the	device’s	overall	efficiency,	
ensuring	smooth	transitions	between	voice	commands	and	menu	updates.	
o Technical	Use	Case:	The	Snapdragon	chipset	enables	real-time	AR	
processing,	allowing	a	user	to	give	voice	commands	such	as	“Show	me	the	
ingredients,”	or	“What	is	the	chef’s	special?”	while	the	system	responds	with	
high-quality	visualizations	without	lag.	
2. Projection	Module:	Holographic	Projector	
o The	holographic	projection	system	is	capable	of	rendering	3D	food	models	
with	up	to	4K	resolution.	The	projector	uses	holography	technology	to	
display	floating	images	of	food	items	directly	above	the	restaurant	table,	
giving	users	the	ability	to	see	virtual	food	items	from	all	angles.	
o The	system	is	designed	to	project	realistic	textures,	lighting,	and	dimensions	
of	food,	providing	users	with	a	near-physical	interaction	experience.	The	
projection	can	display	multiple	food	items	at	once,	arranged	in	a	dynamic	
layout	to	assist	customers	in	comparing	dishes	before	placing	an	order.	
o Technical	Use	Case:	The	holographic	projection	can	be	voice-activated,	
allowing	a	user	to	request,	“Display	the	steak	with	medium-rare	doneness,”	
or	“Show	me	the	vegetarian	options,”	enabling	a	visual	comparison	of	menu	
items	side-by-side.	
3. Voice	Activation:	Microphone	Array	
o The	voice	activation	system	is	powered	by	a	microphone	array	equipped	
with	advanced	natural	language	processing	(NLP)	capabilities.	The	array	
includes	multiple	microphones	strategically	positioned	to	pick	up	voice	
commands	from	different	angles	within	a	noisy	restaurant	environment.	
o The	device	can	process	commands	such	as	“Rotate	the	dish,”	“Order	this	
meal,”	or	“What	are	the	ingredients?”	The	voice	recognition	software	is	
capable	of	distinguishing	between	different	voices,	ensuring	that	only	the	
customer	at	the	table	can	interact	with	the	system.	It	also	integrates	voice	
feedback,	allowing	the	device	to	provide	audio	responses	for	menu	details	and	
nutritional	information.	
o Technical	Use	Case:	Customers	can	initiate	the	system	by	saying,	“Show	me	
today’s	specials,”	and	the	system	will	project	the	specials	list,	adjusting	to	
further	voice	commands	for	more	details.	
4. Battery	Module:	Long-Lasting	and	Wireless	Charging	Support	
o The	device	is	equipped	with	a	lithium-ion	battery	that	provides	6,000
8,000	mAh	capacity.	This	ensures	long-term,	uninterrupted	operation	
during	busy	restaurant	hours.	The	battery	is	optimized	for	low-power	
consumption	while	maintaining	the	projection	and	voice	assistance	
functionalities.	
o Additionally,	the	device	supports	wireless	charging,	which	means	that	
restaurants	can	easily	recharge	the	unit	between	shifts	without	cumbersome	
wiring.	The	wireless	charging	pad	is	positioned	under	the	restaurant	table,	
keeping	the	projection	device	fully	charged	throughout	the	day.	
o Technical	Use	Case:	During	peak	dining	hours,	the	device	can	operate	
continuously,	using	its	optimized	power	management	system	to	ensure	
seamless	interaction	with	customers.	At	night,	it	can	be	placed	on	a	wireless	
charging	pad	to	regain	full	charge.	
5. Linux-Based	OS	for	Real-Time	Data	Processing	
o The	device	runs	a	customized	Linux-based	operating	system,	specifically	
optimized	for	augmented	reality,	holographic	projections,	and	real-time	data	
integration	with	the	GrubOut	platform.	This	OS	ensures	that	the	device	can	
handle	menu	updates,	promotional	offers,	and	real-time	customer	
orders.	
o The	Linux	OS	is	optimized	for	AR	hardware,	ensuring	fast	boot	times,	efficient	
memory	usage,	and	minimal	latency	in	response	to	customer	commands.	The	
operating	system	also	includes	security	protocols	to	ensure	customer	data,	
such	as	order	history	and	preferences,	remain	confidential	and	encrypted.	
o Technical	Use	Case:	The	system	can	handle	dynamic	changes	in	menu	
availability,	updating	in	real-time	as	the	restaurant	adjusts	their	inventory.	If	
a	menu	item	runs	out,	the	platform	sends	a	notification	to	the	device,	which	
informs	the	customer	via	voice	prompt:	“The	item	is	no	longer	available.	
Would	you	like	to	see	alternative	options?”	
6. Wi-Fi/Bluetooth	Connectivity	
o The	hardware	device	connects	seamlessly	with	the	GrubOut	platform	via	Wi
Fi	or	Bluetooth,	enabling	it	to	receive	real-time	updates	from	the	restaurant’s	
menu	database	and	synchronize	with	the	platform	for	promotions	and	special	
offers.	
o The	Wi-Fi	system	ensures	that	the	device	remains	constantly	connected	to	the	
restaurant’s	internal	system,	updating	customers	on	new	dishes,	promotional	
offers,	or	chef	specials.	Bluetooth	connectivity	provides	an	alternative	for	
restaurants	with	local	networks,	ensuring	the	device	remains	functional	even	
in	offline	mode	by	caching	menu	data.	
o Technical	Use	Case:	The	Wi-Fi-enabled	device	ensures	that	every	menu	
update	is	instantly	projected,	allowing	the	customer	to	always	see	the	latest	
available	options	without	needing	to	refresh	or	manually	reload	the	system.	
Operational	Flow:	
• When	a	customer	is	seated	at	the	table,	the	restaurant	staff	activates	the	device.	The	
system	begins	by	projecting	a	welcome	screen	and	the	current	menu.	
• Customers	use	voice	commands	to	navigate	through	the	menu.	For	example,	a	
customer	could	say,	“Show	the	pasta	options,”	and	the	holographic	projector	will	
display	a	3D	rendering	of	all	pasta	dishes	available.	
• Once	a	customer	selects	a	dish	by	saying	“I’ll	have	this,”	the	system	confirms	the	order	
and	sends	it	directly	to	the	restaurant’s	ordering	system	through	the	GrubOut	
platform.	
• Throughout	the	meal,	the	system	can	also	display	additional	information,	such	as	
nutritional	details,	ingredient	lists,	and	chef	recommendations,	all	based	on	voice	
prompts.	
Conclusion:	
This	advanced	hardware	system	enhances	the	GrubOut	platform	by	delivering	a	seamless	
voice-activated	dining	experience,	coupled	with	immersive	3D	food	visualizations.	By	
eliminating	the	need	for	physical	interaction	and	introducing	high-fidelity	holographic	
displays,	the	system	provides	a	unique,	engaging,	and	innovative	dining	solution	for	both	
customers	and	restaurant	staff.	
8. ADVANTAGES 
The	invention	offers	several	significant	advantages	that	collectively	enhance	both	the	
customer	experience	and	operational	efficiency	for	restaurants.	These	advantages	
represent	a	leap	forward	in	augmented	reality,	voice-controlled	interactions,	and	real
time	data	synchronization,	positioning	this	invention	as	a	game-changing	solution	for	the	
restaurant	and	hospitality	industries.	
1.	Enhanced	Dining	Experience	with	Immersive	3D	Food	Visualizations	
• The	invention	provides	customers	with	the	ability	to	visualize	food	items	in	3D	
before	placing	an	order,	giving	them	a	deeper	understanding	of	portion	sizes,	
plating	aesthetics,	and	the	overall	appearance	of	the	dish.	This	real-time	projection	
of	food	items	creates	an	immersive	dining	experience,	where	customers	can	
explore	the	menu	in	a	highly	engaging	and	interactive	manner.	
• By	displaying	high-fidelity	3D	holographic	models,	the	system	elevates	the	dining	
experience	beyond	what	is	possible	with	traditional	2D	images	or	text-based	menus.	
This	visualization	allows	customers	to	make	more	informed	decisions,	improving	
overall	satisfaction	and	reducing	instances	of	unmet	expectations.	
• Restaurants	can	also	use	this	feature	to	highlight	seasonal	specials,	signature	
dishes,	and	premium	items	in	a	visually	compelling	way,	enticing	customers	to	
explore	more	of	the	menu.	
2.	Hands-Free	Interaction	via	Voice	Commands	
• The	voice-activated	system	eliminates	the	need	for	customers	to	physically	interact	
with	a	menu	or	device,	offering	a	truly	touchless	and	hygienic	experience.	In	an	era	
where	health	and	safety	concerns	are	paramount,	this	hands-free	interaction	
reduces	the	spread	of	germs	and	makes	the	dining	experience	more	comfortable	for	
customers.	
• Using	simple	voice	commands,	customers	can	navigate	through	the	menu,	request	
detailed	information	about	ingredients	or	preparation	methods,	and	even	place	
orders,	all	without	the	need	for	physical	input.	This	level	of	convenience	enhances	
customer	autonomy	and	creates	a	frictionless	ordering	process.	
• Additionally,	the	voice	recognition	system	is	equipped	with	advanced	natural	
language	processing	(NLP)	capabilities,	allowing	it	to	function	effectively	even	in	
noisy	environments,	ensuring	that	customers'	commands	are	understood	clearly	and	
accurately.	
3.	Real-Time	Updates	and	Seamless	Integration	with	the	GrubOut	Platform	
• One	of	the	key	benefits	of	this	invention	is	its	ability	to	pull	data	directly	from	the	
GrubOut	platform	in	real-time,	ensuring	that	customers	always	have	access	to	the	
most	up-to-date	menu	items,	promotions,	and	special	offers.	This	seamless	
integration	between	the	hardware	and	the	platform	means	that	any	changes	to	the	
restaurant’s	menu—whether	it's	an	updated	item,	a	sold-out	dish,	or	a	new	
promotional	offer—are	immediately	reflected	on	the	customer's	holographic	display.	
• The	ability	to	provide	dynamic	updates	eliminates	the	frustration	customers	may	
feel	when	items	on	traditional	menus	are	no	longer	available,	enhancing	transparency	
and	customer	trust.	
• From	the	restaurant's	perspective,	this	real-time	connection	allows	for	more	
efficient	inventory	management	and	faster	response	times,	as	the	system	
automatically	syncs	with	the	platform	and	adjusts	to	real-world	changes	in	stock	and	
availability.	
4.	Portable	and	Detachable	Hardware	for	Enhanced	Customer	Engagement	
• The	device	is	designed	to	be	both	portable	and	detachable,	making	it	versatile	for	a	
wide	range	of	restaurant	environments.	Its	portability	allows	restaurant	staff	to	easily	
move	and	position	the	device	at	any	dining	table,	providing	personalized	
engagement	for	each	customer.	This	ensures	that	the	system	can	be	deployed	where	
it's	most	needed,	whether	it's	for	VIP	customers,	special	dining	experiences,	or	in	
larger	event	settings.	
• The	hardware’s	wireless	charging	capability	ensures	that	it	remains	fully	
operational	throughout	the	restaurant’s	busiest	hours	without	the	need	for	
cumbersome	cables	or	frequent	charging.	This	increases	the	device’s	usability	and	
keeps	the	dining	experience	smooth	and	uninterrupted.	
• Additionally,	the	detachable	nature	of	the	device	means	that	it	can	be	deployed	across	
multiple	locations	within	a	restaurant	or	chain,	making	it	scalable	and	adaptable	to	
different	seating	arrangements	and	dining	setups.	Restaurants	can	use	it	for	private	
dining	events,	chef’s	table	experiences,	or	thematic	dining	occasions	to	offer	a	
more	engaging	and	memorable	service.	
9. CLAIMS 
1. A	3D	projection	device,	fully	integrated	with	the	GrubOut	platform,	designed	to	offer	an	
immersive	and	interactive	dining	experience.	The	device	includes:	
o A	holographic	projection	system	capable	of	rendering	high-resolution	3D	
models	of	food	items,	providing	customers	with	a	detailed	visual	representation	
of	their	menu	choices.	
o A	voice	recognition	system	that	facilitates	hands-free	interaction,	allowing	
customers	to	issue	commands	for	navigating	through	the	menu,	requesting	dish	
information,	and	placing	orders	without	physical	contact	with	any	device	or	
surface.	
2. The	system	connects	wirelessly	to	the	GrubOut	platform	through	Wi-Fi	or	Bluetooth	
connectivity,	enabling	real-time	synchronization	of	restaurant	data.	This	connection	
ensures	that:	
o Menu	updates	are	reflected	instantly,	allowing	customers	to	view	the	most	
current	selection	of	dishes,	ingredients,	and	promotions.	
o Promotions	and	special	offers	are	automatically	displayed,	enhancing	customer	
awareness	of	restaurant	deals	and	helping	restaurants	engage	customers	with	
dynamic	content.	
3. The	voice	recognition	system	allows	for	intuitive,	hands-free	control,	enabling	
customers	to:	
o Explore	food	options	through	voice	commands,	such	as	“Show	me	the	
appetizers”	or	“List	vegetarian	options.”	
o Select	dishes	by	interacting	with	the	3D	projections	of	menu	items,	allowing	
customers	to	rotate,	zoom,	or	explore	ingredients	using	voice-based	prompts.	
o Place	orders	directly	by	saying	commands	like	“Order	this	dish”	or	“Add	to	cart,”	
without	the	need	for	physical	menus,	touchscreens,	or	manual	input,	making	the	
system	more	hygienic	and	user-friendly.	
4. The	device	is	equipped	with	wireless	charging	capabilities,	ensuring	continuous	use	
in	high-traffic	restaurant	environments.	The	system	is	also	portable,	allowing	it	to	be	
deployed	across	different	tables	and	locations	within	a	restaurant	as	needed,	ensuring	
flexible	and	scalable	use.	
10. ABSTRACT 
This	invention	introduces	a	detachable	3D	projection	hardware	system	designed	to	
integrate	seamlessly	with	the	GrubOut	platform,	offering	a	transformative	and	immersive	
dining	experience	for	customers.	The	device	utilizes	advanced	holographic	projection	
technology	to	render	3D	models	of	food	items	in	real-time,	allowing	customers	to	visually	
explore	menu	options	with	unprecedented	clarity	and	detail.	
Through	the	use	of	voice	commands,	customers	can	interact	with	the	projected	models	to	
obtain	detailed	information	about	dishes,	explore	ingredient	lists,	and	place	orders	in	a	
completely	hands-free	manner,	enhancing	both	convenience	and	hygiene	in	restaurant	
environments.	
The	system	is	powered	by	wireless	connectivity	via	Wi-Fi	or	Bluetooth,	ensuring	real
time	synchronization	with	the	restaurant’s	backend,	which	dynamically	updates	the	device	
with	live	menu	changes,	promotions,	and	special	offers	from	the	GrubOut	platform.	This	
allows	for	a	fully	interactive,	up-to-date	ordering	experience,	reducing	friction	in	the	
decision-making	process.	
By	combining	augmented	reality	with	voice-assisted	interaction,	the	invention	offers	
restaurants	an	innovative	solution	to	enhance	customer	engagement,	while	providing	a	
visually	compelling	platform	to	showcase	dishes	and	drive	sales.	This	system	not	only	
elevates	the	dining	experience	but	also	serves	as	a	valuable	marketing	tool	for	food	service	
providers,	making	it	an	indispensable	addition	to	the	modern	restaurant	setting.	
.	
